Polish up kafka,nats,activemq,rabbitmq plugins to set peer at comsumer side (#377)
apache/skywalking-java: CHANGES.md

* Support mannual propagation of tracing context to next operators for webflux.
* Add MQ_TOPIC and MQ_BROKER tags for RocketMQ consumer's span. 
* Polish up Pulsar plugins to remove unnecessary dynamic value , set peer at consumer side 

> * Polish up kafka,nats,activemq,rabbitmq plugins to set peer at consumer side

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Polish Kafka plugin to set peer at the consumer side.
* Polish NATS plugin to set peer at the consumer side.
* Polish ActiveMQ plugin to set peer at the consumer side.
* Polish RabbitMQ plugin to set peer at the consumer side.
```
